04-Linking Accounts/README.md, before:

# Auth0 + Ruby on Rails WebApp Seed
This is the seed project you need to use if you're going to create a regular WebApp with Ruby on Rails. If you want to build a Ruby On Rails API that will be used with a SPA or a Mobile device, please check this [other seed project](https://github.com/auth0/ruby-auth0/tree/master/examples/ruby-on-rails-api)

# Running the example
In order to run the example you need to have ruby installed.

You also need to set the ClientSecret, ClientId, Domain and CallbackURL for your Auth0 app as enviroment variables with the following names respectively: AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET, AUTH0_CLIENT_ID, AUTH0_DOMAIN and AUTH0_CALLBACK_URL.

For that, if you just create a file named .env in the directory and set the values like the following, the app will just work:

````bash
# .env file
AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET=myCoolSecret
AUTH0_CLIENT_ID=myCoolClientId
AUTH0_DOMAIN=samples.auth0.com
AUTH0_CALLBACK_URL=http://localhost:3000/auth/auth0/callback
````
Once you've set those 4 enviroment variables, run `bundle install` and then `rails s`. Now, browse [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)

__Note:__ If you are using Windows, uncomment the `tzinfo-data` gem in the gemfile

Commit message:

Refactor Master JWT to grab it from ENV.

04-Linking Accounts/README.md, after:

# Auth0 + Ruby on Rails WebApp Seed
This is the seed project you need to use if you're going to create a regular WebApp with Ruby on Rails. If you want to build a Ruby On Rails API that will be used with a SPA or a Mobile device, please check this [other seed project](https://github.com/auth0/ruby-auth0/tree/master/examples/ruby-on-rails-api)

# Running the example
In order to run the example you need to have ruby installed.

You also need to set the ClientSecret, ClientId, Domain and CallbackURL for your Auth0 app as enviroment variables with the following names respectively: AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET, AUTH0_CLIENT_ID, AUTH0_DOMAIN and AUTH0_CALLBACK_URL.

For that, if you just create a file named .env in the directory and set the values like the following, the app will just work:

````bash
# .env file
AUTH0_CLIENT_SECRET=myCoolSecret
AUTH0_CLIENT_ID=myCoolClientId
AUTH0_MASTER_JWT= apiMasterJWT
AUTH0_DOMAIN=samples.auth0.com
AUTH0_CALLBACK_URL=http://localhost:3000/auth/auth0/callback
````

You can generate your Master JWT from [here](https://auth0.com/docs/api/management/v2/tokens)

Once you've set those 4 enviroment variables, run `bundle install` and then `rails s`. Now, browse [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/)

__Note:__ If you are using Windows, uncomment the `tzinfo-data` gem in the gemfile
